But let's move on and stay with earnings
though. ICICI Lombard is the one that is
in focus after its second uh quarter
earnings. The company in fact saw a
mixed set of numbers once joining in
with that update on a very good morning
to you yet again a very busy morning for
you but take us through the earnings
fine print when it comes to ICIC
Lombard.
>> Yes Shi. So as you rightly mentioned
there there's a mixed set of numbers
coming in from ICIC Lombard. In fact, if
we talk about the profit, the the other
income has aided the profit beat for the
company and also the GPDI growth has
remained absent. The commissions have
seen an uptick and in fact if I talk
about the combined ratio now the
combined ratios have inced up
sequentially and uh if we talk about the
combined ratio they based on the
profitability of the business and they
are set they are computed by adding the
loss ratio and the expense ratio as
well. So also if you talk about the loss
ratio the loss ratio has impacted the
combined ratio the flood related flood
related events has also impacted the
impacted and weighed on the company as
well. Also if we talk about the matrices
if we talk about the combined ratio it
has up sequentially from 102.9% in Q4
FI20 Q1 FI26 to 105% in Q2 FI26. Also if
I talk about the loss ratio motors motor
segment we have seen an uptick at 65.5
65.3%. In terms of the healthcare
segment we have uptake about 77.3% and
in terms of the crop segment we have
seen a huge uptake at 114% as well. So
clearly this is what the overall picture
is looking like. Also if we talk about
their uh total income it's up by 12%.
The gross premiums are up by 1.5%. The
net premiums earned by the company was
also up by 12.5%. And lastly,
interestingly, the net profit that is up
by 18% at 820 odd crores versus 694 odd
crores as well. Moving on to the con
call highlights, the company they have
said that they will fully pass on the
GST reform benefits to policy holders
and the motor segment for the company
has faced significant pricing pressure.
Now, this is on the back of the industry
combined ratios as well. Also, if you
talk about the competition, the
competition has increased in commercial
segments like fire, marine and crop
insurance that has impacted the
underwriting profits for the company as
well. So this is how the overall picture
is panning out for ICIC Lumbard.
>> All right then and thank you so much B.
So that's the overall picture. Those are
the corn call takeaways as well. What
really stands out is the guidance right
for this one because there's a mixed set
of numbers and you do have management in
fact expecting stronger growth momentum.
So that's also important to take a look